filename and hash improvements (#4048)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/concepts/under-the-hood.md

- [`output.filename`](/configuration/output/#outputfilename) - for `initial` chunk files
- [`output.chunkFilename`](/configuration/output/#outputchunkfilename) - for `non-initial` chunk files

> - In some cases chunks are used `initial` and `non-initial`. This this case `output.filename` is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In some cases chunks are used `initial` and `non-initial`. In those cases `output.filename` is used.
```
